Who are you?
  Andrew Amis
What grade are you in?
  11
What's your favorite subject or activity?
  Computers (programming and video games)
Tell me about your computer experience. For example:
  What are the main things you use your computer for?
    Programing and video games (also school)
  What languages have you used (if any)? What do you think of them?
    I have used Ruby, Java, and Javascript. Also a little C. Java is fun
    to program because the associated tools are so powerful, you can cut
    the verbosity of Java (sort of.) I've written a game (which hasn't
    been released and is not finished) in Java clocking in at around
    3500 lines of pure Java. I've done the majority of my work in Ruby.
    At a very rough count, I've written about 100,000 (the quick script I
    wrote claims 127002, but it's not a very discerning script) lines of
    Ruby. You can see a lot of my best work (and some less good work) on
    Github. I'm in the process of using Javascript for a project to help
    with school work, and have used it in the development of both
    server-side and browser applications. Javascript is by far my least
    used language. On subject of lisps, I have played around with a few.
    I have a book targeted at Common Lisp concerning the creation of
    games, and I have played around with Clojure, which I found
    entertaining. I have also written an RPN math parser in Racket and
    released it to the PLaneT (though it isn't on Github,) but have not
    done any other serious work in Racket.
  Do you use a Mac, Windows, Linux, or something else?
    I'd like to say "other" here, but I can't. I have an iMac at home,
    and run Ubuntu Linux on my laptop. I have windows installed on the
    laptop as well, but it isn't booted up for anything short of "I need
    wireless internet now or the world is going to end" because wifi
    doesn't work under Linux.
What are some things you want to be able to do with your computer?
  I like writing JSON REST APIs in languages I'm learning, but I'd also
  like to write a compiler (Lisp, brainfuck, whatever.)
Is there anything I should know about you in order to help you do well in this class?
  I like using VIM. Any time I can use VIM instead of DrRacket I would
  like to.
