What did you do in class this week? How did you make use of your time?
Worked on tetris. We finished all the tough bits. Now we need to make it fun and
make it a game.

What words and concepts were new to you this week, and what do they mean?
Never heard of the difference between generative and structural recursion.
Structural recursion is recursion whose progression and end is dictated by the
structure of the data. Generative recursion is recursion on data whose end and
structure don't necessarily fit the goal of the function, and such, you must use
other methods to use the data and determine the end of recursion.

If you created anything new, what was it?
I wrote a quick and dirty prototype object model based on JS. Really quick and
small. The current version fits in 90 lines with comments and tests. A slightly
older version could fit in 8 80 char lines, with a bit of compression. File is
attached.

What new questions or goals do you have?
The network game. That sounds like fun.

Did this week’s studies give you any ideas of things you could create?
There's another way to make a curve from 3 points. Take 3 points. Draw 2 lines
between them. Let the points with 1 line attached be known as P1 and P2. Let the
point with 2 lines attached be known as P3. These lines will form the "guide"
for the curve. Upon those lines, place lots of points equidistant to their
neighbors. Take P1. Take the point on the line defined by P2 and P3 closest to
P3. Draw a line between P1 and that point. Move to the neighboring point on the
P1P3 line closer to P3 than P1. Move to the neighboring point on the P2P3 line
closer to P2 than P3. Draw a line. Repeat until you run out of points. THe lines
should form a rough curve.


What was good about this week?
Wrote the bezier curve code, which was cool. Got Tetris working again.

What would you like to change-what can you do better?


What would you like me to change-what can I, the teacher, do better?


Do you have any other comments?
I'd like to write a network tank game.


