What did you do in class this week? How did you make use of your time?
  This week, I finished my vector-based ufo-movement system, and added a
  sine modifier to make it move back and forth. I also wrote a highly
  configurable clock, but didn't add face numbers, because I judged that
  to be too boring and inordinately hard for something so trivial, so my
  clock is one of the cool kind that has no numbers, and people have
  trouble tell precisely what minute and second it is.
What words and concepts were new to you this week, and what do they mean?
  Big-bang uses a really rather strange (but totally rackety) way of
  storing state, which produced some really annoying and repetitive
  code. Using struct-copy or set! would have been so much easier, but
  set! is frowned upon, and struct-copy isn't available in BSL. In all
  the other animations I've written (Processing, Java, and the weird
  hybrid that powers the Java game I wrote...) it stored state in
  mutable (classes mostly) and moving things around was really easy.
If you created anything new, what was it?
  UFO movement and a clock. See question 1 for more.
What new questions or goals do you have?
  How do I convert a fraction into a decimal without using round? This
  is probably the wrong question to ask. It's really just remainder that
  is annoying and doesn't like using fractions. It's also for the
  readouts in ufo movement and the returned values clock which are
  invariably in completely incomprehensible fractions.
Did this week's studies give you any ideas of things you could create?
  For dances, Raphie likes to use a website that simulates a strobe
  light. Provided I can make the animate window full screen, this would
  be a fairly simple function to write.
What was good about this week?
  Made 2 new things that were really cool!
What would you like to change–what can you do better?
  I can be less arrogant, and I can help other students more. They don't
  really ask me for help (though Sophie has asked for assistance) so I
  don't help them. I figure it would be mean to stand up and say "Hey,
  I'm so much better than all of you, let me help you," because that
  would make me Andreus Superbus (Or Vergilius Superbus, if you want to
  use my actual Latin name.)
What would you like me to change–what can I, the teacher, do better?
  I require additional projects! The clock was fun. So was the UFO. It'd
  be nice to do more of those, though, to be honest, neither of those
  approached the mind-bending difficulty of overlapping-sunset.
Do you have any other comments?
  I should instruct you as to the proper method of soaking the clock
  face in water.
